Odious Chuck Norris decided to put one final nail in the coffincontaining his film career before going to the safe world of CBSSaturday night carnage with this hysterically bad supernaturalactioner.For such a dumb movie this thing sure is plotty. Norris is Chicagocop Frank Shatter. First off, what kind of last name is "Shatter"?Have you ever met any Shatters? Genforum.com has no listing forthe last name Shatter, which opens up any half clever viewer toreplace the "a" in Shatter with an "i." He and his partner, CalvinJackson, do the same old buddy cop routine you have seenbefore: make funny with the pimps, and make their captain mad.Jackson, looking like the theoretical love child of Whoopi Goldbergand Rick James, quickly wears on the nerves with his constantcomplaining and Eddie Murphy-patented facial expressions.Shatter and Calvin become involved with an emissary of Satan,whom we are introduced to in the too long opening scenes.Prosatano is a demon who is locked in a crypt by King Richard theLionhearted. The demon's scepter, from which he gets his power,is busted into nine pieces and hid in nine different parts of theworld by holy men. In 1951, some grave robbers accidentally letProsatano out and he begins collecting the nine pieces. Hedisguises himself as an antiquities professor named Lockley andalways happens to be giving a lecture where a holy man is killedand a piece of the scepter is taken.Norris brings in his "Walker: Texas Blunder" cohort Sheree Wilson,who plays Lockley's assistant. She helps Norris with hisinvestigation, they make goo goo eyes at each other, and ourintrepid investigators travel to Israel after a rabbi is killed inChicago. While in Israel, Calvin is given even more to complainabout: the heat, the lack of restaurant accomodations, the lousydrivers, and the fact that he is missing the Chicago Bulls playoffgames. Norris even manages to work a cute Israeli kid into thisnightmare. Bezi steals Calvin's wallet, and hangs around the men,leading them around Israel and not arousing any sort ofappropriate suspicion.Eventually, Lockley (Prosatano) assembles all of the scepterpieces, but needs the blood of royalty to complete the ceremonyand call up the devil. Where to find royal blood? Well, Sheree'sfather is a duke! She has an American accent but she is thescreenwriters' convenient method of forcing this monstrositytoward its inevitable conclusion. Sure, this minion of Satan mayhave killed countless hundreds over the years, but how is hegonna do against a good old fashioned American butt kickin'?After Prosatano has been vanquished, killed by his own scepter (Ienvied him, he did not have to watch Bezi steal Calvin's walletagain), we are treated to an awful coda involving a bearded manwho has been watching Shutter, I mean Shatter, and Calvin ontheir quest. You see, it was foretold...somewhere...that twowarriors from the west would defeat Prosatano. The silentbearded man who watched over the couple was none other thanJesus...I kid you not. He is listed as "Prophet" in the end credits,but you and even your pets will recognize the subtle Christianreference the film makers are trying to exhibit here.Like in "I Use a Walker: Texas Ranger," Norris is aging and cannotget into his fight scenes too much anymore. He kicks a lot, andpeople fly over furniture in slow motion, and then Norris gives all ofhis line readings in that monotone voice of his. Oh, what a realdirector might be able to fashion out of him! His brother, Aaron,who has directed him in other films as well, has no sense of storyor momentum. Scenes are thrown in for ego's sake, not toentertain. The scenes when the dynamic duo first meet Bezi dragon and on, and then Bezi is not all that important to the rest of thefilm.The film was shot on location in Israel, which means theAmericans could insult the Israelis in person. There is not onelikeable Israeli character here. The Israeli police captain is a jerk.The cops' driver does not know English, and Calvin convinces himthat the word "sh*tty" is a compliment. Nothing funnier thanmocking those stupid foreigners on their home turf, especiallywhen all this racist humor is coming from an American minoritywho would have been more than offended if the tables were turnedand the Israeli cop was mocking the African-American cop inChicago.This film is badly written, badly acted, and badly directed. It doesnot work as action, cop drama, or even horror. It just shows thatthe now defunct Cannon Studios was willing to throw their moneyinto anything, no matter how badly it was planned. "Hellbound" issurely a most adequate title. I disliked this movie intensely.This is rated (R) for physical violence, gun violence, strongprofanity, some sexual references, and some adult situations.