Sure, most of the slasher films of the 1980's were not worth thecelluloid they were filmed on, but this video nightmare may well bethe dullest produced.Six horny pot smoking students decide to go camping. Of course,and you know this already, they begin getting killed one by one by amysterious stranger. The climax has a hunky forest ranger trying toget to the teens in time before the last cute girl becomes buzzardbait.John Carl Buechler, my least favorite B-movie guy, did the lousymakeup effects here. The cast features Carel Struycken, of "TheWitches of Eastwick" and the Addams family movies. Sadly, hedoes not pop up until the very end of the film, and is covered inburn makeup, rendering him unrecognizable. Steve Bond (anyoneremember him?) is here in an early role as a victim.Brown's direction, and the script he cowrote, both smell like thepresents brown bears leave in the woods. He pads the film withso much stock wilderness footage, I thought I accidentally rented aspecial episode of Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom. Much of thecast sits around the campfire and eats, then walk, and sit and eatagain. The forest ranger is involved in the strangest scene ever putin a slasher film: he tells a joke about a wide mouthed frog to ababy deer. Jackie Coogan, who must have forgot he once workedwith the legends of silent cinema, has two scenes, and is involvedin the second strangest scene ever put in a slasher film: he andthe hunky forest ranger have a conversation about cucumber andcream cheese sandwiches on oatmeal bread...yeah.There is not one minute of suspense here. The killer, a forest firesurvivor looking for a mate, watches the students from behindtrees. We know it is the killer because the film makers havedubbed in a heart beat sound effect that helpfully serves to wakethe viewer up every few minutes. Skip this pile of pine sap and rent"Halloween," instead.This is rated (R) for physical violence, mild gun violence, gore,some profanity, brief female nudity, mild sexual content, sexualreferences, and drug abuse.